Feb 08 2013   Start: 6:00pm
Place: Trottier 5th floor
Minute Taker: Yi Qing Xiao
Meeting Manager:  Payom Meshgin

Problem encountered:

- What to put as requirements.
- Stay loyal to original game or be more innovative?
- Who talks about what in the SRS doc
- need better use cases
- what extra features are to be added?
- 2 kind of score board for single and 2 player modes
- Friendly fire in coop?
- 2 player alternate mode: save state completely?
- player respawn with temporary invincibility?
- How many kind of bonus weapons? weapon drops?
- Shield drops?
- external requirements?
- Security requirements: how to save game?

Tasks allocated:
- Jad: 
piece the documents together. (formatting) Make things make sens
Glossary.
- Yi Qing:
Use cases and diagrams.

-Coco
User requirements

- Payom:
Few security requirements
Table of requirements.
functionalities of qeapons, pick-ups
design of the document (formatting).





Uncut notes taken during meeting:
Feb 08 2013
Start: 6:00pm
On this lazy friday afternoon, 2 days before 2nd phase due date.

Present members:
Everyone


Important points:

We do not want to use heavy programming terms in our submission yet.

We'll just speak about this button does such and such.  We basically remain in high level.

We do not want the "ability to program" to be in the requirements.

We call the places where asteroids appear "plains"

We may say that Paranoid Asteroid is a remake of the classic Atari game.
We have to differenciate the actually game and the classical game.

Jad in section 2.
Primarily intended for users.
We assume we implement on computers (PC), and not the original arcade game.

We are basically updating what each member is doing.

Daniel talks about the line of menus, interfaces.
We got 2 user interfaces? 
The game interface, which describe the game itself,

Part 3 essentially describe the small requirements and interaction btw the players.  
The different elements of the product: menu, games, etc.
It goes into detail about this button does this, within this amount of time.
This document has nothing to do with how we are doing; we are purely modeling the game.
This is what we intend the product to have as characteristics.

The second part will be about what this game is generally going to do.

Functional requirements are very close to the use cases.
It will compelte the use cases

More precise description of initiation of use cases are required.

The errors are not really required, but exceptions such as two bullets at same time are 
required to be discussed.

Alex Coco will start now because he was busy during the week.

What elements to add what extra bonus features are to be implemented.
Coop mode (on top of the original two palyers mode)
Do we have independent scores, or combined scores for the players?
Should we do team win?  Have two kind of high score board for coop and single player.
Or just have individual scores for coop, having to work twice more to obtain points 
equivalent to single mode.
In Coop, no shooting each other, own set of points.
What if the two palyers hit each other? No death.
What if the 2 players are on the exact position, and got hit by asteroid.
Which dies first? Let's say player 2 or 1 being sacrificial lamb.

In 2p alternate mode, each player will ONLY play on their own plain, which means they
do not get to shoot the asteroids generated for the other player.
So each player has his/her own state/game, seperate from the other player.

There is a small invulnerability bonus when the player respond, thus preventing instant 
death if an asteroid was right on top of the middle.

We will probably implement the safe state system, since the original 2p alternate 
mode required saving the states between each alternation.

We may implement gaining life as points reach checkpoints such as 1 life at
each 10000 points.
So we got to change how # of lifes is displayed, like X6,X7,X8

Extra weapons... How many? 3 new ones.
regular, spread shot, piercing shot, bomb/mine, destroy everything.
So maybe pick up items.
NOT buying with points.
DEAD DROPS. (like 1/10 chance of something dropping)
For level clear bomb, touch and use, cannot save it. 
Do you get points for using that level clear bomb??
No points...

Pick up items only appearing from anything.

Add bullet cap for single shot is 4, 2 for spread, 1 for pierce.
Ok, normal, spread, pierce, clear screen (forget bomb)
They keep their weapon until death, or pick up another weapon.

We want a shield drop (replacing the bomb.)
general shield against bullets, impacts.
shield dies once hit by bullet.
If impact against shield, will yield no points, instantly destroy asteroid with 
no leftovers mini asteroids.

dropbox vs github.  Let's just use dropbox ... 
keep plain texts, or .doc 

We will use dropbox for this first doc, then use MD and gitnub.
Use wikipage or read-me MD thing??
Wikipage from gitnub would make more sense.

We still need external requirements? 
like 90% of pp will understand the game with our instructions.
Have an option of showing the game tutorial, not just place it on main menu.

Security requirements: Save games system, save it to a file? Plain text?
Serialize it into binary.  Which is unloadable if corrupted or modified.
high scores need to be protection.

We dont want to deal with maintenance.

Meeting End at 6:50

TO DO:

- Jad: 
piece the documents together. (formatting) Make things make sens
Glossary.
- Yi Qing:
Use cases and diagrams.

-Coco
User requirements

- Payom:
Few security requirements
Table of requirements.
functionalities of qeapons, pick-ups
design of the document (formatting).


